{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Heavy;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Final Project - Proposal
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\
Abby Pryor, MTEC-340-001\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What will (likely) be the name of your game? 
\f3\b I think I will make one of those endless runner type of games, similar to Temple Run. Or I will try at least. I hope it goes well and I am not biting off more than I can chew. I will have an update of the official name during the prototype phase - I am still deciding on characters and theme and my name usually stems from a play on that.
\f2\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In a paragraph or two, tell me about your game and your implementation. 
\f3\b I explained above the type of game I wanted to make, but creating the endless running and player mechanics will be important for sure. I would like to have powerups that make you go faster or something along those lines. 
\f2\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Good outcome deliverable \'96 Write a list of features of what you WILL achieve no matter what. 
\f3\b I will have a working game that keeps score with coin pickups. I will also have the endless runner mechanics and power ups. 
\f2\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Better outcome deliverable \'96 Expand your previously written list of features to include what you THINK you will accomplish before the project\'92s deadline. 
\f3\b I think I can get a high score system implemented this time. We will see.
\f2\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Best outcome deliverable \'96 Expand your previously written list of features to include what you HOPE you will accomplish before the project\'92s deadline.
\f3\b  I hope I can accomplish something that feels more rounded out than my midterm. I hope I can have a fully functioning game with all of the features I mentioned above. I am trying not to bite off more than I can chew :)
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In a paragraph or two, outline your next steps and tell me what additional skills you will require and what topics you might research for the completion of this project. 
\f3\b My next steps involve research about how to implement this kind of game, because I have never done it before. I am not so sure how to make it run forever and stay interesting. I think increasing speed over time will be key, so I will look into that too.
\f2\b0 \
}