{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10440\viewh10280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Pretests - Chapter 6
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Abigail Pryor, MTEC-340-001\

\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulc0 Chapter 6 \'96 Getting Your Hands Dirty with Unity\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Write a game design primer and/or a one-page game document for what you decided to build on project 1.  
\f4\b Included in the folder with this document.
\f3\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are materials? How do you create and assign a material? \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f4\b They are in charge of setting GameObject properties like color and texture, which can then be passed to the shader which renders its properties on the screen.
\f3\b0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the editor tools and what does each one of them do? Do a little research and tell me what the keyboard shortcut for each tool is. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f4\b \ul View\ulnone  - Pan and change position in the scene by click/drag. \ul Move\ulnone  - Move objects along the x, y, and z axis by dragging its markers. \ul Rotate\ulnone - Adjust an object\'92s rotation by turning/dragging markers. \ul Scale\ulnone - Modify object\'92s scale by dragging to specific axes. \ul Rect Transform\ulnone  - Combines Movement, Rotate, and Scale in one. \ul Transform\ulnone  - Combines position, rotation, and scale in one.
\f3\b0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Fill in the blank: Planes operate on a scale 
\f4\b \ul 10x
\f3\b0 \ulnone  larger than objects. \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What can you use empty GameObjects for? How do you create one? What is the one component empty GameObjects have? 
\f4\b You can use it like a folder that holds similar objects (ex.- 4 separate walls that make up a building). Select + > Create Empty in the Hierarchy panel. It does not come with any components attached - it is a shell.
\f3\b0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is world space and what is local space? \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f4\b \ul World space\ulnone  uses a set origin point (0,0,0) in the scene as a constant reference for all GameObjects. \ul Local space \ulnone uses the object\'92s parent Transform component as its origin, changing the perspective of the scene. It is also set to (0,0,0) but the parent Transform is the center of focus.
\f3\b0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is a prefab? When would you use them? 
\f4\b GameObjects that can be saved and reused with every child object, component, script, and property setting. It is like a template that you can drag into the scene.
\f3\b0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How do you create a new prefab? How do you modify a prefab? 
\f4\b Make a parent folder by\cb1  Select + > Create Empty. Then add multiple objects inside by Select + > 3D Object > Cube/Sphere/Etc. You can then drag the parent folder into the Prefabs folder in the Hierarchy. It will now create a Prefab containing every object within the parent folder \'93glued\'94 together.
\f3\b0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the two lighting categories in Unity? How are they different? 
\f4\b Real-time lighting is computed in every frame, so therefore it casts realistic shadows and behaves like a real light source. Precomputed lighting stores the scene lighting in a light-map texture - this is baked into the scene. It saves computing power but it is less realistic.
\f3\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the four main kinds of lights? Give a brief description of each. 
\f4\b \cb1 \ul Directional\ulnone  - simulating natural light like sunshine, doesn\'92t have an actual position in the scene but the light hits everything the same. \ul Point\ulnone  - floating globes that send light rays out from a central point. \ul Spotlight\ulnone - sent out in a given direction, locked in by their angle and focused on a specific area. \ul Area\ulnone - shaped like rectangles that send light from their surface from a single side.
\f3\b0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Step-by-step, how do you record an animation? \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f4\b Window > Animation > Animation panel > drag/drop the Animation tab next to Console. Then, select the object you want to record in the Hierarchy and select Create in the Animation panel. Create a folder under Assets named Animations and name the new clip. Click on the Record button to start the animation, then click your cursor on the timeline where you want the rotation/position to change. Lastly, change the rotation/position to the new value you want at that time.
\f3\b0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	12.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is a keyframe? In your own words, what will updating a keyframe\'92s curve do? 
\f4\b Keyframes are the result of recording an animation on the timeline. Unity then assembles the keyframes into an animation after you record. Kind of like frames on analog film.
\f3\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	13.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Do some research in the Unity Reference and tell me what Animation Tangents do. 
\f4\b  Each key has 2 tangents - one on the left for the incoming slope and one on the right for the outgoing slope. This controls how your curve leaves one key and arrives at the next - you can adjust it so your animation values change smoothly when passing a key.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\b0 \
}