{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Heavy;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh14460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 Abigail Pryor, MTEC-340-001
\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulc0 Chapter 6 \'96 Getting Your Hands Dirty with Unity\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b\fs35\fsmilli17667 Game Design Primer - \'93Otter Space\'94
\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Concept
\f4\b0 \ulnone : The big-picture idea and design of a game, including its genre and play style. 
\f3\b Otter Space is basically Space Invaders but with different characters - it is a 2D shooter game. The player plays as an otter whose objective is to destroy all of the enemy whales while trying to avoid damage. There will be 3 lives at the start, and one hit will cause you to lose one.
\f4\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Core mechanics
\f4\b0 \ulnone : The playable features or interactions that a character can take in-game. \uc0\u8232 Common gameplay mechanics include jumping, shooting, puzzle-solving, or driving. \u8232 
\f3\b Shooting, moving left to right or up and down, power up (gun will shoot bullets faster if made past a level without damage), death of player and of enemies.
\f4\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Control schemes
\f4\b0 \ulnone : A map of the buttons and/or keys that give players control over their character, environment interactions, and other executable actions. 
\f3\b Start/pause button (spacebar), exit button (esc), next level option at the end of one level.
\f4\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Story
\f4\b0 \ulnone : The underlying narrative that fuels a game, creating empathy and a connection between players and the game world they play in. \uc0\u8232 
\f3\b Otters are a commonly known prey of whales - but this particular Otter is out for revenge. With all of his friends and family having been killed by whales, this lone Otter decides to take matters into his own hands in order to destroy the rest of the killer space whales
\f4\b0 . \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Art style
\f4\b0 \ulnone : The game\'92s overarching look and feel, consistent across everything from characters and menu art to the levels and environments. 
\f3\b Low-poly/cartoon
\f4\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Win and lose conditions
\f4\b0 \ulnone : The rules that govern how the game is won or lost, usually consisting of objectives or goals that carry the weight of potential failure. \uc0\u8232 
\f3\b Game is lost after 3 lives have been exhausted. Game is won after completing the level with >= 1 live left. A life will be lost if hit by an enemy whale\'92s projectiles. The goal is to dodge them and hit them back.
\f4\b0 \
}