{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Heavy;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15960\viewh17320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \
Pretests - Chapters 1 and 2
\f1\b0 \

\fs24 \
Abigail Pryor, MTEC-340-001\
\
\

\fs28 \ul Chapter 1
\fs24 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the six panels that make up the Unity Editor? 
\f3\b Toolbar, Hierarchy, Game/Scene, Inspector, Project, and Console.
\f2\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is each panel for?
\f3\b  It is an organizational tool for the UI elements in Unity. It separates the different views.
\f2\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
List the four methods for creating a C# script in Unity. 
\f3\b 1.) Select Assets > Create > C# Script, 2.) Project tab > + icon > C# Script, 3.) Right click on Assets folder in Project tab > Create > C# Script, 4.) Select any GameObject in the Hierarchy > Add Component > New Script
\f2\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What important consideration exists between the name of a script and the name of the class it contains? 
\f3\b The name of a script and the class name need to be the same.
\f2\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is a transform and what does it control? 
\f3\b It controls the Position, Rotation, and Scale parameters of a GameObject within the project.
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa293\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa293\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Chapter 2
\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In your own words, what is a variable? 
\f3\b A variable is a named unit of memory in a computer where we store data. It is comparable to a bucket or a box where you can put something and access it when needed. We can also swap the data in variables with other data once they are created.
\f2\b0 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In your own words, what is a method? 
\f3\b A method is a section of code that allows the program do what it needs to whenever it is called upon by its name. Similarly to variables, they serve as buckets for instructions on what to do within the program. Variables can be passed into methods as inputs, and ultimately this allows the game to perform the tasks it needs to.
\f2\b0 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In Unity, how does a method differ from a function? 
\f3\b A method and a function are the same thing, used interchangably.
\f2\b0 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In your own words, what is a class? 
\f3\b A class is a data structure or blueprint that lays out all of the necessary information for any object placed inside of it. Classes contain all of the data regarding actions and behaviors, and then it passes that information into any object that is grouped under that class.
\f2\b0 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Why would you inherit from MonoBehaviour? 
\f3\b You inherit from MonoBehaviour, Unity\'92s default class, because you want your scripts to be able to be added to your GameObjects. You don\'92t need to inherit from it if you are not using it on a GameObject.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa293\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0 \cf2 \
}