{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Otter Space by Abby Pryor\
\
MTEC340\
\
\

\fs28 Hello! \
\
I really hope you enjoy this quirky version of Space Invaders!! I think it is pretty cute and fun! :)\
\
That said, there are quite a few things I am unhappy with / things that I did not get to implement before the deadline (for the sake of my sanity) such as a high score system and 3 way shooting power ups. I made it shoot faster, and the audio go faster along with the visuals instead. The score isn\'92t kept for now, but it\'92s okay. I like low-pressure games.\
\
Just a warning - you will most likely see a yellow error come up when audio clips are being triggered in the project. But I know why it is happening:\
The audio clips are being triggered in the correct way (I checked in Debug for collision tags), but the pickups (coins/lives/powerups) are being destroyed somewhere in my code before I can trigger the clips. So, Unity gives an error that says it cannot play a disabled audio clip. I was in way too deep, creating and destroying things everywhere\'85so it was hard for me to nail down and solve. That said, I am pretty sure I understand my error and how to avoid it going forward. I had to implement some of the audio in less conventional ways just for the time being as I keep fleshing it out.\
\
Overall, I am very proud of this! It has come a long way since I began, and I honestly didn\'92t see myself doing this before this class. I have learned lots from this process, and I think the final project will be even better now that I have this knowledge! \
\
I will try to implement the features I couldn\'92t in this project in my final project and hopefully it goes better :) \
\
Thank you!! }