{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Abby Pryor\
MTEC340\
\
\

\f1\b\fs30 \ul Project Prototype - Otter Space\
\

\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone Hello! I hope you enjoy the game I created. I was originally going to have whales (a known predator of otters) be the enemy but I could not get the whale sprite to function properly. So, now we have a bunch of enemy otters that a ship (the player) is fighting against. \
\

\f1\b \ul Details about the game:
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
- You start the game by pressing the start button\
- You can move the ship left, right, forward, and backward with the ASDW keys. \
- You can pause the game by pressing the esc key\
- There is a 3 life system, each hit will take away one.\
- There is a power-up that makes your ship shoot faster\
- Otters will randomly spawn coins, extra lives, and power-ups after being hit by the player.\
\
\

\f1\b \ul The goal
\f0\b0 \ulnone : Shoot as many enemy otters without getting hit! Collect coins, get more lives to extend gameplay, and get power-ups along the way.\
\
\

\f1\b \ul Things I want to improve going forward:\
\

\f0\b0 \ulnone \
- There are not any SFX yet! I will do that before the finished version, but I wanted to prioritize making a working game first.\
- The game is coded to be on auto-shoot for the player right now. Eventually, I would like to have the player control that as it can get boring quicker without being able to do that. \
- I would like to have another kind of pickup, or another enemy that is bigger. Or maybe a way to actually finish the level?\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\
}